# Contributing
*CONTRIBUTING file template from [here](https://github.com/TTUSDC/cpceed-student-app/blob/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md)*

This CONTRIBUTING file is for the migration, not the current state of the app

To get involved with this project, you'll need to do a few things.

## Before You Start

Some knowledge needed to start

- **React**
- Redux and react-redux
  * Connect to Redux state using `connect(mapStateToProps, mapDispatchToProps)` in a container component
- firebase
  * Used for cloud storage and maybe functions later on
- The higher-order components (HOC) design pattern
  * A lot of validation will be handled by HOC's
- connected-redux-router
  * We like to keep everything as a function of state in React
- Axios
  * This is our main http library for making api calls
- CRA
  * Bootstraped with CRA
- Prop-Types
  * Used instead of Flow due to linting and familiarity reasons
- **Jest/Enzyme**
  * PR will not be accepted if tests are not written correctly

## Making Changes

1. Download [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) and [Git](https://git-scm.com/). We use Node ^10 along with NPM 6^
2. Clone this repository
3. Download the dependencies by running `yarn install` when you're in the project directory.

### Testing Your Changes

**Unless all of the tests pass, github will block your code from being merged**

#### App

Once you've started making changes, you'll need to make sure the app still runs properly.
To use the testing server, do the following:

1. Run `yarn dev` from the project directory.
2. Enter `127.0.0.1:8080` into the URL bar of your browser to see the app.

You should also run the unit tests to ensure the code is still functioning properly.
To run the unit tests, do the following:

1. Run `yarn test` from the project directory.

As you're writing application code, you should also be writing unit tests that can be used to ensure your code doesn't get broken.

- Unit tests go next to their components with the following naming convention `foo.spec.jsx`

1. Jest (**required**): a test framework.
2. Chai (optional): for making assertions about tests.
3. Sinon (**highly recommended**): for spying on, stubbing, or mocking functions.
4. Enzyme (**required**): a library that allows React components to be tested effectively (primarily through shallow rendering).

#### API
- Found in another repo coming soon!

## Coding Standards
We use [Airbnb's](https://github.com/airbnb/javascript) JavaScript style guide

Notable Aspects:

- Indents should be 2 spaces.
- Regular files and folders should use `dash-separated-names`. Short folder names are preferred.
- React components should use `UpperCamelCase` for the class name, the file name, and the parent folder name.

The best way to ensure there are no stylistic problems with your code is to use ESLint:

1. Make changes to a file.
2. Save the file.
3. Run the command `yarn lint`.

**PR must pass linting to be merged. Raise issue if there are any problems seen with current linting options**

